classes_root/Access/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCDAExtension.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCDCFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCDEFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCDRFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCDTFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ACCFTFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ADEFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.Application.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.BlankDatabaseTemplate.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.BlankProjectTemplate.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.Extension.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.LockFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.MDBFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.MDEFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.Project.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.DataAccessPage.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Diagram.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Form.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.Shortcut.Function.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Macro.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Module.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Query.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Report.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.StoredProcedure.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.Table.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.ShortCut.View.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.UriLink.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.WebApplicationReference.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.WizardDataFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.WizardUserDataFile.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Access.Workgroup.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/accesshtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/accessthmltemplate/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/accountpicturefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ACLFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/acrobat/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.acrobatsecuritysettings.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.Document.DC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.FDFDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.pdfxml.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.Plugin/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.SecStore/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.XDPDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AcroExch.XFDFDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.8bf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.8bi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.ai/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.aia/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.aip/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.ase/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.dct/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.eps/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.flt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.hyp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.prf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/.sbx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.16/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Action/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.ColorBook/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Dictionary/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.EPS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Filter/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Hyphen/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Plugin/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.SwatchExchange/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Illustrator.Tsume/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Adobe.Photoshop.Plugin/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AIR.InstallerPackage/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AlienFX.Theme/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Amazon.Kindle.content/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Amazon.Kindle.magazine.content/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Amazon.Kindle.newspaper.content/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/anifile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Application.Manifest/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Applications/licensemanagershellext.exe/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Applications/wmplayer.exe/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX04g0mbrz4mkc6e879rpf6qk6te730jfv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX0resaq7r5ermbh4b96ke39yqc1atfhjr/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX0tpyb0rrce378ngbgrsmeey1qd9k2f3t/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX333jbhpaq2hjpyd097614409g4kz15cw/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX33k30fsgmfhnzmk0nv1xqcwrsg1ehks1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX3p914qnpgw4hwj856jw2y286v7d4qnzh/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX43hnxtbyyps62jhe9sqpdzxn1790zetc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX459h97t0fkhwc4qhs0anhhpxv8efrcqs/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX47jwqdafzcxw9wm0mbb5cev2eav5b1je/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX4hxtad77fbk3jkkeerkrm0ze94wjf3s9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX4jbzrhvphxte25e0gxha6bq555nrgqzy/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX4qfj5jrj259psn161698pvjhwcyjrsq5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX4w9f5t2xcjfqfr8f90sgf8sdqxg2t7dd/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX5sy1gww9q4g2gt941cdxxd7s07xe5vph/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX5xf4t9nq2ec03pwtpzx4pcyatjkzbzhs/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX6eg8h5sxqq90pv53845wmnbewywdqq5h/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX6p5kkhcc2zc1eqy54afmyfe2p29wy7nk/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX6w6n4f8xch1s3vzwf3af6bfe88qhxbza/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX7nv11hc795928dfdxbjgrnt50tez0eh7/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX7rm9drdg8sk7vqndwj3sdjw11x96jc0y/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX82a6gwre4fdg3bt635tn5ctqjf8msdd2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX86746z2101ayy2ygv3g96e4eqdf8r99j/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX86caezcbyncg0njyrv7p4q3g8akxv53k/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX90nv6nhay5n6a98fnetv7tpk64pp35es/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppX9rkaq77s0jzh1tyccadx9ghba15r6t3h/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXaf0097ws4bwb0wre67gmp7pc9fjr8en6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXak1hygz1tpjjnxhr1pwtcgnkpr24r5e7/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXcb6e5re383zqpgggd2grt6vrv627a4wt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXcr7ve1e6y7nx8n3y5qv7m7s9kzz18jx5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXd3zb7x4jyhgzdpcbbczymhv52akm1dst/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXd4nrz8ff68srnhf9t5a8sbjyar1cr723/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXdydrqjtps7nq4vtfgpf3hh67n5avbhhw/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXdyw2j75xqd0y008p4bvtxhnxp3py2t2g/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXe05qdnx2p14g0mw29139zqs9s5n3wcne/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXe862j7twqs4aww05211jaakwxyfjx4da/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXemz6fd9t513jgmy4x0cxxwwsh5cgav24/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXf4ry1xaj6j9nm2m6g08zm9mkyq88zjpc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXfp6kkvw8823ptbxvr2be691hzfyrsazt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXjpdcjcdvnpayh0dj1qvpfz5vtvn2c52p/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXk0g4vb8gvt7b93tg50ybcy892pge6jmt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXmhepr1beh16qd2kb4ts9ykhy21cc37c9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXmx9wwhwf9sqa2e9r1y05wh1dae5ywhpp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXmy6eenwtqdy8xv6pttntgjp09j4pqv3p/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXn0srp7ze9kd1mz5sva2wfm6yh3hgrd3v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXn8vagw663cz9m3j0rmkddxpbq9x0716k/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXnnqhxnqg1rbs3ydfcgnhk3djtrpa49g7/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXnyc2k5bh08emzskc0nfna46fysx7mqav/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXp9gkwccvk6fa6yyfq3tmsk8ws2nprk1p/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXpb1vntage8kvnwpyg40aqz34j851h4p1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXppqdgckcm0rkmm7y6v63w1ckey9065gr/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXq0fevzme2pys62n3e0fbqa7peapykr8v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXqj98qxeaynz6dv4459ayz6bnqxbyaqcs/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXqj9qs1qczzayp7da4q9mtbk5j5zr31j3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXqjyfmc5mk3hmghyt3yynbcb2jsdyp4fs/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXsf0d8xs4xz53mhyq7wyajbmrskt080m7/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXtsmg3v4j4x76mctp0h8w9ykwqt07rr43/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXvqhb9dhb3dg0mpfydfbz4qp875kpspza/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXvsddybna5mfqpzfzrh0x2nnv0v7ettv3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXvtx9zmqs8shszpft25vta812bvkq1nrc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXvzg9q08e9beqxefd7wynf5essvk7wbhb/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXx6a0med6y43gv0vn6qa7r3vdg4cg3bnv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXxd1ehghzsv8twt9b8b18jrd6q54mjz0n/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXxvnbvsna403aer8rg6v5h12z8c8te2rc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AppXydk58wgm44se4b399557yyyj1w7mbmvd/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AudioCD/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AutoCADCoreExtensionFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/AWFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/batfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/bittorrent/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/bootstrap.vsto.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Briefcase/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/BRUfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CABFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.AZW/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.AZW1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.AZW3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.BOOK/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.CBC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.CBR/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.CBZ/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.CHM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.DJV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.DJVU/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.DOC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.DOCM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.DOCX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.EPUB/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.FB2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.HTM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.HTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.IBOOK/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.IBOOKS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.IMP/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.LRF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.LRX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.MARKDOWN/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.MD/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.MOBI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.ODT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.PDB/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.PDF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.PML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.POBI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.PRC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.PS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.RTF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.TEXT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.TPZ/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.TXT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.XHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibre64bit.AssocFile.XPS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.AZW3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.DOCX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.EPUB/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.HTM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.HTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreEditor64bit.AssocFile.XHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.AZW/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.AZW3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.CBC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.CBR/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.CBZ/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.CHM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.DJV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.DJVU/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.DOCM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.DOCX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.EPUB/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.FB2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.HTM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.HTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.LRF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.MARKDOWN/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.MD/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.MOBI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.ODT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.OPF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.PDB/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.PDF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.PML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.POBI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.PRC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.RTF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.SHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.TEXT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.TXT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/calibreViewer64bit.AssocFile.XHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/callto/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/campfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CATFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/cdmpfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CERFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/certificate_wab_auto_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/chm.file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ChromeHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020803-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020810-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020811-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020820-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020821-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020830-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020832-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020833-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020900-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020901-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020906-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00020907-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{0002CE02-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00030000-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00030001-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{00030002-0000-0000-C000-000000000046}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{018D5C66-4533-4307-9B53-224DE2ED1FE6}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{025A5937-A6BE-4686-A844-36FE4BEC8B6D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{02AF6DD2-77E6-44DF-B3E1-57CF1476D8EA}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{031E4825-7B94-4dc3-B131-E946B44C8DD5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{04082FC6-E032-49F2-A263-FE64E9DA1FA3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{04731B67-D933-450a-90E6-4ACD2E9408FE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{048EB43E-2059-422F-95E0-557DA96038AF}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{088e3905-0323-4b02-9826-5d99428e115f}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{09FD2EFF-5669-11D3-B65F-00C04F8EF32D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{0C39A5CF-1A7A-40C8-BA74-8900E6DF5FCD}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{0DF44EAA-FF21-4412-828E-260A8728E7F1}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{1206F5F1-0569-412C-8FEC-3204630DFB70}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{138508bc-1e03-49ea-9c8f-ea9e1d05d65d}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{13D557B6-A469-4362-BEAF-52BFD0F180E2}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{148BD520-A2AB-11CE-B11F-00AA00530503}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{148BD52A-A2AB-11CE-B11F-00AA00530503}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{14E8BBD8-1D1C-4D56-A4DA-D20B75EB814E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{15eae92e-f17a-4431-9f28-805e482dafd4}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{17cd9488-1228-4b2f-88ce-4298e93e0966}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{18A06B6B-2F3F-4e2b-A611-52BE631B2D22}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{19FED08E-EFD1-45da-B524-7BE4774A6AEE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{1B261B22-AC6A-4E68-A870-AB5080E8687B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{1CDC7D25-5AA3-4DC4-8E0C-91524280F806}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{1CF1260C-4DD0-4ebb-811F-33C572699FDE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{1FA9085F-25A2-489B-85D4-86326EEDCD87}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{208D2C60-3AEA-1069-A2D7-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{20D04FE0-3AEA-1069-A2D8-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{21EC2020-3AEA-1069-A2DD-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2227A280-3AEA-1069-A2DE-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{227B1F3B-C276-4DE0-9FAA-C0AD42ADDCF0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{22877a6d-37a1-461a-91b0-dbda5aaebc99}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{233A9694-667E-11d1-9DFB-006097D50408}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{241D7C96-F8BF-4F85-B01F-E2B043341A4B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{24ad3ad4-a569-4530-98e1-ab02f9417aa8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{25336920-03F9-11CF-8FD0-00AA00686F13}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2559a1f0-21d7-11d4-bdaf-00c04f60b9f0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2559a1f2-21d7-11d4-bdaf-00c04f60b9f0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2559a1f3-21d7-11d4-bdaf-00c04f60b9f0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2559a1f5-21d7-11d4-bdaf-00c04f60b9f0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2559a1f7-21d7-11d4-bdaf-00c04f60b9f0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{26EE0668-A00A-44D7-9371-BEB064C98683}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{28803F59-3A75-4058-995F-4EE5503B023C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{289AF617-1CC3-42A6-926C-E6A863F0E3BA}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{2E17C0EF-2851-459b-A3C8-27A41D4BC9F7}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3050F3D9-98B5-11CF-BB82-00AA00BDCE0B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3050f4d8-98B5-11CF-BB82-00AA00BDCE0B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{30590066-98b5-11cf-bb82-00aa00bdce0b}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{30590067-98b5-11cf-bb82-00aa00bdce0b}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{305CA226-D286-468e-B848-2B2E8E697B74}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3080F90D-D7AD-11D9-BD98-0000947B0257}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3080F90E-D7AD-11D9-BD98-0000947B0257}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{30A2652A-DDF7-45e7-ACA6-3EAB26FC8A4E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3134ef9c-6b18-4996-ad04-ed5912e00eb5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{323CA680-C24D-4099-B94D-446DD2D7249E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{328B0346-7EAF-4BBE-A479-7CB88A095F5B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{374DE290-123F-4565-9164-39C4925E467B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{38A98528-6CBF-4CA9-8DC0-B1E1D10F7B1B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3936E9E4-D92C-4EEE-A85A-BC16D5EA0819}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3ADD1653-EB32-4cb0-BBD7-DFA0ABB5ACCA}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3C0D7ACB-790B-4437-8DD2-815CA17C474D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3C18EAE4-BC25-4134-B7DF-1ECA1337DDDC}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3D0FD779-0C2D-4708-A9BA-62F7458A5A53}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3dfdf296-dbec-4fb4-81d1-6a3438bcf4de}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{3f6bc534-dfa1-4ab4-ae54-ef25a74e0107}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{40419485-C444-4567-851A-2DD7BFA1684D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{41662FC2-0D57-4aff-AB27-AD2E12E7C273}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{4299124F-F2C3-41b4-9C73-9236B2AD0E8F}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{430da762-8632-4840-bc61-3eeaa078e62e}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{448BB771-CFE2-47C4-BCDF-1FBF378E202C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{450D8FBA-AD25-11D0-98A8-0800361B1103}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{46E31370-3F7A-11CE-BED6-00AA00611080}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{4795051A-6429-4D63-BCA0-D706532954AC}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{48123bc4-99d9-11d1-a6b3-00c04fd91555}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{48AE9D34-2FE7-48A7-9D8A-A65534E3C20C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{4C599241-6926-101B-9992-00000B65C6F9}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{4c892621-6757-4fe0-ad8c-a6301be7fba2}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5052A832-2C0F-46c7-B67C-1F1FEC37B280}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5399E694-6CE5-4D6C-8FCE-1D8870FDCBA0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D110-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D112-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D114-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D116-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D118-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D11A-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D11C-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D11E-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D122-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5512D124-5CC6-11CF-8D67-00AA00BDCE1D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{59031a47-3f72-44a7-89c5-5595fe6b30ee}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5CBA34AE-E344-40CF-B61D-FBA4D0D1FF54}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5E90CC8B-E402-4350-82D7-996E92010608}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5ED4F38C-D3FF-4D61-B506-6820320AEBFE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{5ef4af3a-f726-11d0-b8a2-00c04fc309a4}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{60632754-c523-4b62-b45c-4172da012619}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{60F6E464-4DEF-11d2-B2D9-00C04F8EEC8C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6240EF28-7EAB-4dc7-A5E3-7CFB35EFB34D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{62D8ED13-C9D0-4CE8-A914-47DD628FB1B0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6377013E-2C35-40F3-B8E1-1AB47D12982B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{63da6ec0-2e98-11cf-8d82-444553540000}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6419566C-E9AE-438F-8250-D37C4FB48660}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{645FF040-5081-101B-9F08-00AA002F954E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{64818D10-4F9B-11CF-86EA-00AA00B929E8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{64818D11-4F9B-11CF-86EA-00AA00B929E8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{679f85cb-0220-4080-b29b-5540cc05aab6}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{67CA7650-96E6-4FDD-BB43-A8E774F73A57}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6C177EBD-C42D-4728-A04B-4131892EDBF6}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6C1B3099-127A-4BE1-93BC-DD4771EEEF90}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6C8EEC18-8D75-41B2-A177-8831D59D2D50}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6DFD7C5C-2451-11d3-A299-00C04F8EF6AF}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{6E182020-F460-11CE-9BCD-00AA00608E01}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7007ACC7-3202-11D1-AAD2-00805FC1270E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7007ACD1-3202-11D1-AAD2-00805FC1270E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{725BE8F7-668E-4C7B-8F90-46BDB0936430}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{73FDDC80-AEA9-101A-98A7-00AA00374959}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{74246bfc-4c96-11d0-abef-0020af6b0b7a}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{75D01070-1234-44E9-82F6-DB5B39A47C13}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{767A19A0-3CC7-415B-9D08-D48DD7B8557D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{77D2C92E-7779-11D8-9070-00065B840D9C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{787A2D6B-EF66-488D-A303-513C9C75C344}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{79176FB0-B7F2-11CE-97EF-00AA006D2776}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7931F65C-2564-4C19-AE71-E7DDFA008F6A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7A9D77BD-5403-11d2-8785-2E0420524153}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7B342DC4-139A-4a46-8A93-DB0827CCEE9C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7b81be6a-ce2b-4676-a29e-eb907a5126c5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7BD29E00-76C1-11CF-9DD0-00A0C9034933}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{7FA8AE11-B3E3-4D88-AABF-255526CD1CE8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8369AB20-56C9-11D0-94E8-00AA0059CE02}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{85BBD920-42A0-1069-A2E4-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{863aa9fd-42df-457b-8e4d-0de1b8015c60}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{86F56B7F-A81B-478d-B231-50FD37CBE761}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{871C5380-42A0-1069-A2EA-08002B30309D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{87D66A43-7B11-4A28-9811-C86EE395ACF7}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{888DCA60-FC0A-11CF-8F0F-00C04FD7D062}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{88C6C381-2E85-11D0-94DE-444553540000}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{89D83576-6BD1-4c86-9454-BEB04E94C819}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8A624388-AA27-43e0-89F8-2A12BFF7BCCD}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D10-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D20-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D30-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D40-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D50-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8BD21D60-EC42-11CE-9E0D-00AA006002F3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8E6E6079-0CB7-11d2-8F10-0000F87ABD16}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{8E908FC9-BECC-40f6-915B-F4CA0E70D03D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{912ABC52-36E2-4714-8E62-A8B73CA5E390}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9324DA94-50EC-4A14-A770-E90CA03E7C8F}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{93412589-74D4-4E4E-AD0E-E0CB621440FD}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9343812e-1c37-4a49-a12e-4b2d810d956b}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9432194C-DF54-4824-8E24-B013BF2B90E3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{96AE8D84-A250-4520-95A5-A47A7E3C548B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{978C9E23-D4B0-11CE-BF2D-00AA003F40D0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{98F275B4-4FFF-11E0-89E2-7B86DFD72085}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{992CFFA0-F557-101A-88EC-00DD010CCC48}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9B0EFD60-F7B0-11D0-BAEF-00C04FC308C9}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9BDAC276-BE24-4F04-BB22-11469B28A496}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9C60DE1E-E5FC-40f4-A487-460851A8D915}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9C73F5E5-7AE7-4E32-A8E8-8D23B85255BF}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9DB7A13C-F208-4981-8353-73CC61AE2783}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9E56BE60-C50F-11CF-9A2C-00A0C90A90CE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{9E56BE61-C50F-11CF-9A2C-00A0C90A90CE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{a00ee528-ebd9-48b8-944a-8942113d46ac}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A0275511-0E86-4ECA-97C2-ECD8F1221D08}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A0953C92-50DC-43bf-BE83-3742FED03C9C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A0D4CD32-5D5D-4f72-BAAA-767A7AD6BAC5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A3DD4F92-658A-410F-84FD-6FBBBEF2FFFE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A43F4073-BEBD-4142-B590-27A74384620B}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A8A91A66-3A7D-4424-8D24-04E180695C7A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A8CDFF1C-4878-43be-B5FD-F8091C1C60D0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{A9B48EAC-3ED8-11d2-8216-00C04FB687DA}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{AA14F9C9-62B5-4637-8AC4-8F25BF29D5A7}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{ADB9F5A4-E73E-49b8-99B6-2FA317EF9DBC}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B12AE898-D056-4378-A844-6D393FE37956}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B2C761C6-29BC-4f19-9251-E6195265BAF1}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B4BFCC3A-DB2C-424C-B029-7FE99A87C641}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B4FB3F98-C1EA-428d-A78A-D1F5659CBA93}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B7BBD408-F09C-4aa8-B65E-A00B8FE0F0B9}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{B801CA65-A1FC-11D0-85AD-444553540000}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BA126E01-2166-11D1-B1D0-00805FC1270E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BA126F01-2166-11D1-B1D0-00805FC1270E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BB06C0E4-D293-4f75-8A90-CB05B6477EEE}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BB64F8A7-BEE7-4E1A-AB8D-7D8273F7FDB6}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BC48B32F-5910-47F5-8570-5074A8A5636A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BD7A2E7B-21CB-41b2-A086-B309680C6B7E}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BD84B380-8CA2-1069-AB1D-08000948F534}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{BF782CC9-5A52-4A17-806C-2A894FFEEAC5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{C282417B-2662-44B8-8A94-3BFF61C50900}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{C555438B-3C23-4769-A71F-B6D3D9B6053A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{c57a6066-66a3-4d91-9eb9-41532179f0a5}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{C62A69F0-16DC-11CE-9E98-00AA00574A4F}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{c79d1575-b8c6-4862-a284-788836518b97}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{CF4F55F4-8F87-4D47-80BB-5808164BB3F8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D0484DE6-AAEE-468a-991F-8D4B0737B57A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{d0da2915-3f89-4519-a4ca-5e02528c8ec4}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D17D1D6D-CC3F-4815-8FE3-607E7D5D10B3}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D2035EDF-75CB-4EF1-95A7-410D9EE17170}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D20EA4E1-3957-11d2-A40B-0C5020524153}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D2D44F93-D0A1-4531-913D-607F121C5346}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D2D59CD1-0A6A-4D36-AE20-47817077D57C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{d3162b92-9365-467a-956b-92703aca08af}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D3E34B21-9D75-101A-8C3D-00AA001A1652}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D4480A50-BA28-11d1-8E75-00C04FA31A86}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{d450a8a1-9568-45c7-9c0e-b4f9fb4537bd}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D555645E-D4F8-4c29-A827-D93C859C4F2A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{D7053240-CE69-11CD-A777-00DD01143C57}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{daf95313-e44d-46af-be1b-cbacea2c3065}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{DC020317-E6E2-4A62-B9FA-B3EFE16626F4}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{DCA0ED3C-B95D-490f-9C60-0FF3726C789A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{DD4CB8C5-F540-47ff-84D7-67390D2743CA}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{DFD181E0-5E2F-11CE-A449-00AA004A803D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E2E7934B-DCE5-43C4-9576-7FE4F75E7480}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E31EA727-12ED-4702-820C-4B6445F28E1A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{e345f35f-9397-435c-8f95-4e922c26259e}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E413D040-6788-4C22-957E-175D1C513A34}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E44E5D18-0652-4508-A4E2-8A090067BCB0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E5A0B632-DFBA-4549-9346-E414DA06E6F8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E88DCCE0-B7B3-11d1-A9F0-00AA0060FA31}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E96F5460-09CE-4f46-88B1-F4B6B4A8E252}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{E9729012-8271-4e1f-BC56-CF85F914915A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{EA778DB4-CE69-4da5-BC1D-34E2168D5EED}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{EABCECDB-CC1C-4A6F-B4E3-7F888A5ADFC8}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{EAE50EB0-4A62-11CE-BED6-00AA00611080}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{ECF03A32-103D-11d2-854D-006008059367}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{ED228FDF-9EA8-4870-83b1-96b02CFE0D52}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{EE5D1EA4-D445-4289-B2FC-55FC93693917}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F02C1A0D-BE21-4350-88B0-7367FC96EF3C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F08619D6-F1F5-4242-BF0E-FC491E80C952}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F1390A9A-A3F4-4E5D-9C5F-98F3BD8D935C}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F14E8B03-D080-4D3A-AEBA-355E77B20F3D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F20DA720-C02F-11CE-927B-0800095AE340}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F2DDFC82-8F12-4CDD-B7DC-D4FE1425AA4D}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F4754C9B-64F5-4B40-8AF4-679732AC0607}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F5078F40-C551-11D3-89B9-0000F81FE221}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F5175861-2688-11d0-9C5E-00AA00A45957}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{F616B81F-7BB8-4F22-B8A5-47428D59F8AD}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{f86fa3ab-70d2-4fc7-9c99-fcbf05467f3a}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{FB453AD8-2EF4-44D3-98A8-8C6474E63CE4}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{FDEA20DB-AC7A-42f8-90EE-82208B9B4FC0}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{FF393560-C2A7-11CF-BFF4-444553540000}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CLSID/{FF3AE31D-55B0-4945-BDE9-622ABB334C1A}/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/cmdfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.c/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.cbp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.cc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.cg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.cpp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.cxx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.h/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.hh/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.hpp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.hxx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.inl/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.java/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CodeBlocks.workspace/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/comfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CompressedFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/connectagent/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ConnectedSearch.Result/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/contact_wab_auto_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CRLFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CRTXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/CSSfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/curfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/dbfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/desktopthemepackfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Cabinet/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Config/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Perfmon.Config/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Perfmon.Document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Diagnostic.Resmon.Config/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Directory/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/dllfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/DLNA-PLAYSINGLE/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/docxfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/dqyfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Drive/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/DVD/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ELMFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/emffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/evtfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/evtxfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Addin/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.AddInMacroEnabled/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Backup/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Chart.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.CSV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Dialog/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Macrosheet/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.OpenDocumentSpreadsheet.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Sheet.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Sheet.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.SheetBinaryMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.SheetMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.SLK/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Template/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Template.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.TemplateMacroEnabled/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.UriLink.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.Workspace/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excel.XLL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excelhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excelhtmltemplate/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/excelmhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Excelxmlss/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/exefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FaxCover.Document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/feed/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/feeds/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FirefoxHTML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FirefoxURL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Folder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/fonfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitPhantomPDF.PPDF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitReader.Document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitReader.FDFDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitReader.PPDF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitReader.XDPDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/FoxitReader.XFDFDoc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ftp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/GCSXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/giffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/github-windows/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/GLOXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/gmmpfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/GQSXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/group_wab_auto_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/hlpfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/htafile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/htmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/http/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/https/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/icmfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/icofile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IdeaIC14/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.HTM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.MHT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.PARTIAL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.SVG/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.URL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.WEBSITE/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.AssocFile.XHT/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.FTP/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.HTTP/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IE.HTTPS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/inffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/inifile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/IntelliJIdeaProjectFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/InternetShortcut/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/iqyfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/jntfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/jpegfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/JSEFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/JSFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/JSXBINFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/JSXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/JSXINCFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/jtpfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/kindle/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Label/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/LayoutFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/LEXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/LibraryFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/LpkSetup.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MacromediaFlashPaper.MacromediaFlashPaper/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Magnet/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/mailto/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/mhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition Database File/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.PhotoManager.imagetype/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.PhotoManager.panotype/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.PhotoManager.videotype/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.PowerShellScript.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.System.Update.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.Website/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Microsoft.Workfolders/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.bib.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.cls.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.dtx.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.dvi.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.ltx.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.sty.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MiKTeX.tex.2.9/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MMS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-access/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-excel/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-powerpoint/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-publisher/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-airplanemode/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-bluetooth/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-cellular/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-emailandaccounts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-language/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-location/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-lock/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-notifications/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-power/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-privacy/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-proximity/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-screenrotation/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-wifi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-settings-workplace/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-windows-store/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ms-word/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/mscfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSDASC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSDASQL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxa.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxc.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxd.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxe.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxf.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxh.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxi.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxk.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxq.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxr.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxs.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxt.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxv.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSHelp.hxw.2.5/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Msi.Package/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Msi.Patch/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/MSInfoFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/msstylesfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/NetworkExplorerPlugins/Microsoft Corporation/Xbox 360/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/NetworkExplorerPlugins/urn:schemas-upnp-org:device:InternetGatewayDevice:1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/NetworkExplorerPlugins/urn:schemas-upnp-org:device:MediaRenderer:1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/NetworkExplorerPlugins/urn:schemas-upnp-org:device:MediaServer:1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ODBC.FileDSN/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odccubefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odcdatabasefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ODCfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odcnewfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odctablecollectionfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odctablefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/odtfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/office.Extension.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OfficeListShortcut/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OfficeTheme.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.Folder.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.Notebook.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.Package/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.Section.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.TableOfContents/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OneNote.TableOfContents.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OPCFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.CalcDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.CalcTemplate.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.DatabaseDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.DrawDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.DrawTemplate.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.ImpressDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.ImpressTemplate.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.MathDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.WriterDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.WriterGlobalDocument.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.WriterTemplate.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opendocument.WriterWebTemplate.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Doc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Docm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Docx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Dot/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Dotm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Dotx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Pot/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Potm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Potx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Pps/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Ppt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Pptm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Pptx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Rtf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xls/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xlsb/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xlsm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xlsx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xlt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xltm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/OpenOffice.Xltx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opensearchblocked/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opensearchdescription/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/opensearchfilefolderresult/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/oqyfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/otffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.det.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.fdm.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.hol.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.ics.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.msg.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.nk2.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.ofs.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.oft.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.ost.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.otm.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.pab.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.pst.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.vcf.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.File.vcs.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.URL.feed.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.URL.mailto.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.URL.stssync.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Outlook.URL.webcal.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/P7RFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Paint.Picture/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/pbkfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PDXFileType/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PerfFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/pfmfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PFXFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PhotoViewer.FileAssoc.Tiff/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/pjpegfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/pnffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/pngfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Addin.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Addin.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.OpenDocumentPresentation.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Show.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Show.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.ShowMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.SlideShow.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.SlideShow.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.SlideShowMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Template.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Template.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.TemplateMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.UriLink.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PowerPoint.Wizard.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/powerpointhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/powerpointhtmltemplate/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/powerpointmhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/powerpointxmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Previous.Versions/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/prffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/PrologFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Publisher/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Publisher.Document.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Publisher.UriLink.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/publisherhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/publishermhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Python.CompiledFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Python.File/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Python.NoConFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.bmp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.dib/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.jp2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.jpe/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.jpeg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.jpg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.mac/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.pct/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.pic/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.pict/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.png/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.pnt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.pntg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.psd/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.qti/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.qtif/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.rgb/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.sgi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.targa/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.tga/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.tif/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/QuickTime.tiff/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ratfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/RDBFileProperties.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/RDP.File/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/regfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/rlefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/rlogin/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/rqyfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/rtffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SavedDsQuery/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/scriptletfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SearchConnectorFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SearchFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/skype/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/skype.callto/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Skype.Content/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarCalcDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarCalcTemplate.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarDrawDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarDrawTemplate.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarImpressDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarImpressTemplate.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarMathDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarWriterDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarWriterGlobalDocument.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/soffice.StarWriterTemplate.6/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/sourceaddonfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SPCFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/spotify/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SQLServerCompactEditionDatabaseFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ssms.dacpac.11.0/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Stack/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Stack.System.Music.AlbumID/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Stack.System.Music.AlbumTitle/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Stack.System.SearchScope/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Stack.System.WordWheel/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/steam/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/stssync/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/svgfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/.ico/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/audio/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/image/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/system/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/text/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/SystemFileAssociations/video/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/TeamViewerConfiguration/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/TeamViewerSession/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/tel/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/telnet/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/tfs/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/themefile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/themepackfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Thunderbird.Url.mailto/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Thunderbird.Url.news/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ThunderbirdEML/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/TIFImage.Document/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/tn3270/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ts3addon/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ttcfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/ttffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/txtfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Unknown/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/uplay/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/uTorrent/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/UXDCFILE/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VBEFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VBSFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/vcard_wab_auto_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VeraCryptVolume/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisioViewer.Viewer/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.bmp.12.0/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.cur.12.0/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.ico.12.0/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher.suo/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher.vsix/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln120/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln60/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln70/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln71/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._sln90/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vbxsln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vbxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vbxsln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vbxsln90/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcppxsln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcppxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcppxsln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcppxsln90/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcsxsln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcsxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcsxsln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vcsxsln90/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vjsxsln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vpdxsln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vpdxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vpdxsln120/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vw8xsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwdxsln100/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwdxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwdxsln120/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwdxsln80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwdxsln90/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._vwinxsln120/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._wdxsln110/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.Launcher._wdxsln120/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.StvProj.10/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.SvcLog.10/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VisualStudio.TextTemplating.12.0/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.3g2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.3ga/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.3gp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.3gp2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.3gpp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.669/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.a52/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.aac/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ac3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.adt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.adts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.aif/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.aifc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.aiff/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.amr/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.amv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.aob/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ape/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.asf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.asx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.au/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.avi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.b4s/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.bik/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.caf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.cda/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.CDAudio/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.cue/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.divx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.drc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.dts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.dv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.DVDMovie/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.f4v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.flac/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.flv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.gvi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.gxf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ifo/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.it/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m1v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m2t/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m2ts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m2v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m3u/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m3u8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m4a/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m4p/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.m4v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mid/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mka/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mkv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mlp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mod/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mov/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp2v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mp4v/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpa/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpe/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpeg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpeg1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpeg2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpeg4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpga/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mpv2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mtv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.mxf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.nsv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.nuv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.oga/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ogg/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ogm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ogv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ogx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.oma/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.OPENFolder/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.opus/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.pls/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.qcp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ra/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ram/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.rec/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.rm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.rmi/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.rmvb/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.rpl/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.s3m/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.sdp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.snd/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.spx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.SVCDMovie/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.thp/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.tod/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.ts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.tta/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.tts/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.VCDMovie/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.vlc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.vlt/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.vob/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.voc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.vqf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.vro/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.w64/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wav/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.webm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wma/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wmv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wsz/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wv/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.wvx/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.xa/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.xesc/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.xm/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/VLC.xspf/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/W365.SkinFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wab_auto_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wbcatfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wcxfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wdpfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/webcal/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/webcals/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WebIde80/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/webpnpFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WebStorm10/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.CompositeFont/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.IsoFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.VhdFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.XamlDocument/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.Xbap/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Windows.XPSReachViewer/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.MovieMaker.asset/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.MovieMaker.MSWMM/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.MovieMaker.WLMP/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.bmp.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.gif.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.ico.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.jpg.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.png.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.raw.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.tif.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.video.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WindowsLive.PhotoGallery.wdp.16.4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wmffile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP.DVR-MSFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP.WMDBFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP.WTVFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.3G2/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.3GP/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.ADTS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.AIFF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.ASF/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.ASX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.AU/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.AVI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.CDA/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.FLAC/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.M2TS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.m3u/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.M4A/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MIDI/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MK3D/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MKA/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MKV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MOV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MP3/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MP4/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.MPEG/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.TTS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WAV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WAX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.wma/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WMD/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WMS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WMV/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WMZ/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WPL/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocFile.WVX/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocProtocol.DLNA-PLAYSINGLE/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WMP11.AssocProtocol.MMS/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Backup.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Document.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Document.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.DocumentMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.OpenDocumentText.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.RTF.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Template.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Template.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.TemplateMacroEnabled.12/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.UriLink.15/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Word.Wizard.8/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wordhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wordhtmltemplate/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wordmhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/Wordpad.Document.1/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wordxmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wpa/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wpa.etl_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/wpa.wpa_file/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WSFFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/WSHFile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/xhtmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/xmlfile/DefaultIcon value
classes_root/xslfile/DefaultIcon value
